1. Create a list in range 10
2. Cube of the numbers in a list
3. Filter all the even numbers
4. create an array of any number of strings and extract second character

#pattern printing:
print the above patterns using concept of loops.

Lists: 
1.Write a Python program to create a list of five numbers and print the sum of all elements.
2.Write a Python program that takes a list of words and prints the first and last elements.
3.Write a Python program to remove all occurrences of a given value from a list.
4.Write a Python program to sort a list of numbers in ascending order without using the sort() method.
5.Write a Python program to find the maximum and minimum values in a list without using built-in functions.
6.Write a Python program to reverse a list
7.An Armstrong number is a number where the sum of its digits each raised to the power of the number of digits equals the number itself.Write a program to check whether a number is armstrong or not
    Ex: 153= 1^3+5^3+3^3= 1+125+27 = 153

Tuples:
1. Create a tuple using input method, add elements to it and access them
2. Count the occurrences of an element in a tuple
3. create a tuple , modify(add/delete) elements to it and display the new tuple
4. check if an element exists in a tuple using user input
5. Unpack a tuple into separate variables
6. Merge two Tuples
7. Create a tuple. find the index of an element in a tuple
8. swap two Tuples
9. find max, min ,count without using built-in function of a tuple
10. reverse a tuple without using slicing or reversed()
11. remove an element without using remove() method or converting to a list


Sets:

Write a program that takes a list of numbers as input and returns a list with duplicates removed using sets.
Write a program to find the common elements between two sets.
Write a program that performs union, intersection, difference, and symmetric difference on two sets.
Write a program that checks if one set is a subset of another.
Write a program that takes a string as input and returns a set of unique characters.

Dictionary:

Write a program that takes a sentence as input and counts the frequency of each word using a dictionary.
Write a program to sort a dictionary by its values in ascending and descending order.
Write a program to merge two dictionaries and sum values for common keys.
Write a program to swap keys and values in a dictionary.
Write a program that takes a list of numbers and finds the most frequently occurring element using a dictionary.

functions:

Write a program using method Palin() to check whether a string is palindrome or not. EX: MADAM,ARORA,ABBA etc.
Write a program using method sumdigit() to calculate the sum of the digits
Write a program using method Palin() to check whether a number is palindrome or not. EX: 
Write a program using method factorial() to calculate the factorial of a number using recursion
Write a program to print the first ten numbers of a fibonacci sequence . EX: 0, 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34
